Update README with comprehensive examples and usage guide (#82)
StanfordSpezi/SpeziScheduler: Sources/SpeziSchedulerUI/SpeziSchedulerUI.docc/SpeziSchedulerUI.md

-->

> Ready-to-use SwiftUI components for displaying scheduled tasks and events in your app.

Reviewer: Would be great if we can add some images and screenshots here and at the top of the README like in the other repos to highlight the UI components. Makes these packages way more approachable and easier to understand what you can do.

> Ready-to-use SwiftUI components for displaying scheduled tasks and events in your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SwiftUI components for displaying scheduled tasks and events in your application.
```

## Overview

> The `SpeziSchedulerUI` module provides polished UI components that automatically connect to your configured `Scheduler` instance to display tasks and handle user interactions.

Reviewer 2: nitpick but technically its a target not a module

Author: good catch, will fix!

> The `SpeziSchedulerUI` target provides polished UI components that automatically connect to your configured `Scheduler` instance to display tasks and handle user interactions.

Reviewer: Sounds a bit verbose and AI-like:
```suggestion
The `SpeziSchedulerUI` target provides UI components that connect to your configured `Scheduler` instance to display tasks and handle user interactions.
```

    }
}

### Displaying Events in Lists

Use ``EventScheduleList`` to display all events for a specific day. It automatically handles empty states and provides a clean, organized view of scheduled tasks:

```swift
import SpeziSchedulerUI

struct ScheduleView: View {
    var body: some View {
        NavigationStack {
            EventScheduleList { event in
                InstructionsTile(event) {
                    try event.complete()
                }
            }

>             .navigationTitle("Today's Schedule")

Reviewer: Actually would display all events, not just today? I think the list has a parameter for that?

        }
    }
}
```

You can also display events for different dates:

```swift
EventScheduleList(date: .tomorrow) { event in
    InstructionsTile(event) {
        try event.complete()
    }
}

> ```

Reviewer: Probably can be combined with the example above, maybe a link to the documentation would be nice.

### Task Cards with InstructionsTile

> The ``InstructionsTile`` component provides a polished card interface for individual tasks:

Reviewer: I think the should ideally be shown as part of a list & larger example, otherwise a bit tough to copy and directly use?

```swift
// Basic tile with completion button
InstructionsTile(event) {
    try event.complete()
}

// Tile with additional information sheet
InstructionsTile(event) {
    try event.complete()
} more: {
    VStack(alignment: .leading, spacing: 16) {
        Text("Detailed Instructions")
            .font(.headline)
        Text("Step-by-step guide on how to complete this task...")
    }
    .padding()
}

// Centered alignment for featured tasks
InstructionsTile(event, alignment: .center) {
    try event.complete()
}
```

### Customizing Task Appearance

You can customize how different task categories appear in the UI using the `taskCategoryAppearance(for:label:image:)` modifier:

```swift

> EventScheduleList { event in

Reviewer: Probably same here, would be nice to embed it in an actual `View`.
